feat: Supabase Edge Functions and Storage streaming TTS example. (#142)
elevenlabs/elevenlabs-examples: examples/text-to-speech/supabase/stream-and-cache-storage/README.md

- The [Supabase CLI](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/local-development) installed on your machine.
- The [Deno runtime](https://docs.deno.com/runtime/getting_started/installation/) installed on your machine and optionally [setup in your facourite IDE](https://docs.deno.com/runtime/getting_started/setup_your_environment).

## Setup

### Create a Supabase project locally

After installing the [Supabase CLI](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/local-development), run the following command to create a new Supabase project locally:

```bash
supabase init
```

### Configure the storage bucket

You can configure the Supabase CLI to automatically generate a storage bucket by adding this configuration in the `config.toml` file:

```toml ./supabase/config.toml
[storage.buckets.audio]
public = false
file_size_limit = "50MiB"
allowed_mime_types = ["audio/mp3"]
objects_path = "./audio"
```

<Note>
  Upon running `supabase start` this will create a new storage bucket in your local Supabase
  project. Should you want to push this to your hosted Supabase project, you can run `supabase seed
  buckets --linked`.
</Note>

### Configure background tasks for Supabase Edge Functions

> To use background tasks in Supabase Edge Functions when developing locally, you need to add the following configuration in the `config.toml` file:

Reviewer: Does this cost money or is it part of the free tier?

Author: it's available on free tier also.

```toml ./supabase/config.toml
[edge_runtime]
policy = "per_worker"
```

<Note>

>   When running with `per_worker` policy, Function won't auto-reload on edits. You will need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When running with `per_worker` policy, Supabase Edge Functions won't auto-reload on edits. You will need to
```

>   manually restart it by running `supabase functions serve`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  manually restart them by running `supabase functions serve`.
```
